A small village in [[The Dawn Empire]]. [[The Party]] encountered this village on their way to [[Uvam Dynasty]]. When th party first got to the village the guards were so tired from not being able to sleep that they just let [[The Party]] in. Apparently there had been a series of disappearances but when [[The Party]] asked about them the towns folk had no idea that people had gone missing. After asking many people it was becoming night time so [[The Party]] went to the inn to sleep. Through multiple dreams with different people, [[The Party]] dreamed of faceless figure trying to talk to them and then flying into the sky. 

Eventually [[The Party]] went out to the outside guard to ask them about what's happening. as they crossed the threshold of the town [[Chenris Tallfellow]] and [[Korrigan]] instantly forgot all that had happened in the town. This lead them to write down all their experiences (they were fearful of another [[The Ethertwist Haunter]] situation). The guards told them to check on [[Captain Brookes]] and [[Deputy Bridges]] who had both gone missing in the town. They had forgotten everything about being guards when they went back into the town. Eventually Captain Brook was convinced to leave the town and remember everything. 

Korri had used to magic to figure out that they were dealing with a Celestial. This lead to Chenris using Thaumaturgy to should "Hello" in the celestial. This lead to them to be attacked by an unknown entity. They eventually found this entity leaving under the village well. This entity was the [[Herald]] called the [[Angel Under The Well]]. After nearly beating the [[Herald]] [[The Party]] evacuated the town, citing poison in the well. 