
# Session Summery 
Chenris Tallfellow and Aidan Knight realize that the house they are staying in is a mimic, and they quickly wake their companions as the furniture starts to move. The Party escapes the mimic after a battle, spending the night traveling to the nearby coastal town of Enelion. At the inn, Chenris uses his noble status to secure a luxury room, revealing his noble heritage to the surprised group. The Party rests in the opulent accommodations, but tensions rise due to the presence of enslaved staff and Chenris’s prank on Aidan, which involves hiding his dagger in a portal.

The next day, after enjoying a lavish breakfast, the Party asks about meeting the Empress, Obeus Yelris, and learns that gaining the favor of local lords could help. They locate Lord Folre Enelion IV on the beach, surrounded by women, and secure his support by making flattering remarks. With the Lord’s favor, the Party sets off toward Nas Anor, hoping to advance their quest.

# Full Session Notes
[[Chenris Tallfellow]] and [[Aidan Knight]] look at each other in horror it dawns on them that the whole house might be a mimic. Chenris looks down at the beds in the room and the ones that [[Wurinn 'Drache' Fuuldrusch]], [[Kal Korrigan]] and [[Mordecai Reverence]] are sleeping on are starting open their mouths and swallow them whole. Quickly Chenris wakes them up and explains the situation. As he is explaining the situation he notices that all the mimics in the room are starting to leave the room. Going outside the room they find that all the furniture is trying to leave the house as a whole. It dawns on Korrigan first "Are they leaving because the house is going to start digesting us?" Everyone bolts for the exit with Chenris and Korrigan using [Misty Step](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2195-misty-step) to get there before everyone and scope out the exit. 

The door is locked and the man who let them in is starting to attack Mordecai, drache and Aidan. The last two manage to jump the stairs and get down to the landing but Mordecai is not so lucky. While Drache and Aidan help save Mordecai, Chenris and Korrigan start trying to knock down the before they realise it is made out of flesh and bone. Mordecai manages to escape the owner(?) and cast [Fireball](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2102-fireball) with the [twinned and careful](https://rpgbot.net/dnd5/characters/classes/sorcerer/metamagic/#metamagic-options)modifiers on it. dealing massive damage to the mimic. After a few attacks and [Inflict Wounds](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2156-inflict-wounds) [[The Party]] manage to break out of the mimic and escape. They spent the rest of the night walking to the next down over. 

The next day the group made it to coastal town of [[Enelion]]. Everyone is exhausted and decide it is for the best to rest up at the local [[Enelion Town Inn|inn]]. Approaching the the front desk Chenris enquires in elvish about rooms. She says there are many rooms available but she is confused about their party make up. Chenris explains that they are his defenders. "And the human?" she enquired. and with a smirk he said Aidan was his slave. she said very good, theres a slave quarters down the hallway, it's int he basement. In this inn there are 4 types of rooms: Peasant, Regular, Luxury and Nobel. Enquiring about the price, he finds that the nobel room is available for 20 [[Gold]] if you can prove that you are in-fact nobel - you just donate a drop of blood for the test. He proceeds with this and upon seeing the results she gives a deep bow and says "Right this way Lord Tallfellow"

A slave is instructed to open a portal to their room. It is in its own pocket dimension and at the centre is a massive luxury house with a garden and a pond. Everyones jaws hit the floor at seeing house nice the room is. Mordecai, somewhat recovered asks how we can afford this type of room, Chenris replies that theres a discount for nobels. 

"YOU'RE A NOBEL!?!?", screamed the group.

"I have said many times that the Tallfellow name is a long and proud name." replied Chenris.

Aidan, managing to sneak back from the slave quarters and into the portal before it closed joined the rest of the group. A slave with a metal helmet and mouth sawn shut runs up to great them and through telepathy ask how he might be of service. Chenris responds in kind with asking them to prepare a meal and a place for people to sleep. He immediately does as he is told and Chenris gets ready to fall into a trance. [[The Party]] still in shock and outraged about the treatment of the slaves start to follow him. Korrigan seems very mad at the sight of the slaves. Chenris invites them to get comfortable and after some back and forth they all get comfortable and sleep

Chenris wakes up before everyone and wants to get payback for Aidan stealing and breaking his cloak. So he steals Aidan's dagger (badly, he will notice when he wakes up) and gives it to a slave and tells him to hide it somewhere good. the slave nods and throws it into a portal and tells him it wont be found. Chenris approves and then goes into a study to do some reading and research. After some time, the group wakes up to some amazing food. Aidan is too busy looking for his dagger since it wont return to him when he summons it. the group ignore him as Chenris told them before hand about this and enjoy the meal. 

Aidan gets increasingly irate about his missing dagger and starts accusing people only to find nothing on them and it is no where to be found. Meanwhile, Chenris the rest of [[The Party]] and the slaves have been playing hot potato with the dagger, almost being seen many times until they try to leave. They finally get him to leave only time find the portal lead straight to the front desk. Everyone tries to stifle a laugh. 

As they are leaving the inn they ask the clerk how one might get an audience with [[Obeus Yelris|the Empress]] to which she doesn't know but assumes it cant hurt to have the backing of some of the lords. One of them, [[Folre Enelion IV Esquire]] can often be found on the beaches outside. They find the lord along the beach surround by atleast 30 women. They have a chat and after saying some appealing things about women manage to get [[Lord Enelion's Favour]]. Chenris takes it and walks away as fast as he can. 

The group sent off for [[Nas Anor]].