The story starts with [[Chenris Tallfellow]], [[Mordecai Reverence]] and [[Wurinn 'Drache' Fuuldrusch]] waking up in a dungeon belonging to [[The Red Cult]]([[The Ashen Cult]]). They break out of the dungeon with [[Steve Ulan]]. As they are trying to escape they accidentally go into the main sacrifice room with REDACTED who tells them they messed up and tells his fellow cultists to attack. [[The Party]] defend themselves well however are overwhelmed until [[Captain Bridges]] breaks in with a bunch of [[Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)|OFC]] guards and saves [[The Party]].

After their rescue [[Captain Bridges]] takes [[the party]] back to [[Silkhorn]], the town which he is in charge of and [[the party]] start to get an understanding of the [[Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)|OFC]], how it works and how the world at large works. [[The party]] learns about the [[Credits]] system used in the [[Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)|OFC]] in place of common [[Gold]]. The part learns that the [[Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)|OFC]] is an offshoot nation of [[The Dawn Empire]] for one reason or another. The group soon realises that they cannot do much until they gain some [[Credits]].

[[The Party]] decides to join the [[Adventurers Guild]] which happened to have a branch in [[Silkhorn]]. They soon also learn that casting magic without a magic license is illegal in the [[Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)|OFC]]. Chenris decides to buy one to make the group's (his) life easier. Mordecai decides he does not want to pay the price of a magic license an pretends to be a rogue to get out of it.

The group takes up 3 quests from the adventures guild:
- Explore the local ruins of town that had been ransacked in a [[4th Dawn vs Ehobel War|war]].
- Investigate the sighting of an "Eldritch Horror"
- Investigate the dukes daughter's disappearance in [[Twopines Estate]].

The group decide to investigate the ruins of the nearby town as its less than a days walk from [[Silkhorn]]. The group find the [[Balance Ranch|Ruins]] of the town with buildings that have been burned to the ground and dead skeletons everywhere. As [[The Party]] explores one of them finds a doll which seems to belong to a small girl.

Towards the back of the town there was a massive town hall that had been left mostly intact. after some investigation, the group found a secret entrance under the Chief's chair. They found the hatch by Drache tipping over the chair making a loud boom which resonated throughout the whole local area. The hatch went under ground and through a long tunnel with and old door at the end of tunnel. 

Behind this door was 4 undead that [[The Party]] dealt with with some small treasure loot inside. At the back of the room is a small skeleton wearing a pink dress with an arm stretched out as if the skeleton was longing for something. Drache puts the doll into the hand of the skeleton and the room fills with a bright golden light as the group [[Level Up]] after this fight.

# [[Session 2]]
[[The Party]] are still in the room underneath the hall in the [[Balance Ranch|ruined town]] near [[Silkhorn]]. As [[the party]] loot the room something is happening on the surface.

[[Korrigan|Kal]] walks through the ruins of a desolate town in the [[Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)|OFC]], its unsure entirely why he was in the [[Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)|OFC]] however he had gone to the ruins in order to find treasure as a part of the [[Adventurers Guild]] of which he was already a part. [[Korrigan|Kal]] heard an enormous booming noise echo through the village coming from a large hut in the back. As he snuck in he found a large hall with a tipped over throne and the noise of voices coming from a hatch. Fearing bandits [[Korrigan|Kal]] readied his weapons and went down the hatch.

In the room with the loot [[the party]] heard footsteps coming up behind them, fearing it was another undead [[the party]] prepare to attack. [[Korrigan|Kal]] and [[the party]] finally meet in the basement of the hall. The existing [[The Party]]([[Mordecai Reverence|Mordecai]], [[Wurinn 'Drache' Fuuldrusch]] and [[Chenris Tallfellow|Chenris]]) agree to go with [[Korrigan|Kal]] to [[Silkhorn]] to get the reward for the quest. 

On the road back to [[Silkhorn]] [[The Party]] have an overnight rest where they see a merchant walking down the road however none of [[The Party]] seem interested in helping him. In the morning [[the party]] find said merchant dead on the floor, clearly attacked by some wild beast. [[The Party]] also notice that the merchant has a large amount of [[Credits]] on his arm which they wonder if could be transferred to them. [[The Party]] take the only logical action and chop off the arm of the dead merchant and stuff it in their backpacks to go back to town.

[[The party]] arrived back in [[Silkhorn]] and handed in the quest and got some reward however no one in town could buy the loot they had procured. [[The party]] then proceeded to make a series of silly mistakes, firstly [[Chenris Tallfellow|Chenris]] spoke in elvish in the middle of the town, something which was frowned upon by the locals due to the way the elves of [[Ehobel]] attacked [[The Dawn Empire]] and in turn the [[Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)|OFC]] during the [[4th Dawn vs Ehobel War]]. This already turned public opinion against [[the party]] however the worst was yet to come when Drache waved the dead arm of the merchant in the middle of the street and sent many citizens running and crying. [[The party]] quickly hid the arm in a bush just outside of the gates of the town.

The final nail in the coffin was when [[the party]] annoyed the goblins (associated with the [[Goblin Mafia]], though [[the party]] wasn't aware at the time) working in the local tavern. [[The party]] did several heinous acts like stealing the bulletin board, and being annoying.

The [[Adventurers Guild]] gave them another quest to escort a merchants caravan (part of the [[Merchant Guild]]) to [[Twopines Estate]] ([[Caravan Escort]]) so [[the party]] decided to leave the town for a bit and let things cool down. The caravan set out at late afternoon and camped beside the road for a bit.

[[The Party]] and the caravan were attacked by several goblins in the middle of the road. [[The party]] fought hard taking out several of the goblins however [[Korrigan|Kal]] threw a lantern in order to burn one of the goblins and missed and set the whole local forest alight. [[The party]] lead the merchants to packing their stuff and going away from the fire and they watched it burn.


The fire slows down to a stop due to a temporal disturbance where they find a cloaked figure attempting to close it, thew figure revealed themselves as [[Aidan Knight]] and told [[the party]] that they close rifts like that which is opened by  the god Chornovourous , The Temporal Harbinger, Bringer of Chaos. Aidan travels with [[the party]] silently to two pines where they discovered that alot of the children in the village were going missing and that the nobles daughter was missing. While they were resting that night, Aidan slept i a tree away [[grom]] the rest of [[the party]]. He notices in the woods a tall figure with black armour and a white face with no features, the more he looked the more it hurt until he finally looked away, his memories were erased and he couldnt remember the creature.

The next morning [[the party]] explores the forest and finds a clearing in the middle of it with a children's drawing pinned to a tree. [[The party]] pick the drawing up and the entire sky went dark and a tall figure with black armour and a white face with no features appeared and started moving towards [[the party]]. [[The party]] frantically covered their skin in ink, writing notes to themselves as soon as the figured out they were forgetting about the creature until eventually they were covered with the word "RUN" over and over. [[The party]] fled and managed to get back to two pines. They go and meet the noble who tells them that they had only been gone minutes even though [[the party]] experienced hours of traveling. The noble was convinced they were telling the truth when they showed him the page, the noble  showed them to his daughters room which was covered in similiar drawings. One in particular had an arcane aura that chenris detected that matched the page they found in the forest. They soon realised that [[the pages]] acted like a compass and were drawn to the other pages, they start travelling towards the main city of [[Blackwall]] in search of a libary.

On the way to [[Blackwall]], [[the party]] come across a town called foxtail orchard. It was pristine and beautiful, they even got a free breakfast in the tavern, kal noticed a delivery quest on the bill board and goes to accept that while the others were shopping. Kal arrives at the address and is bid to enter, he is then forced by several goblins to deliver the package for free to a tavern in [[Blackwall]] and was threatened heavily. Kal tells [[the party]] this and everyone but drache was critical of his choices. Upon arriving to [[Blackwall]], [[the party]] meet cayden steelbreaker who was a head of the military of the OFC.  Drache helped kal deliver the package while the others investigated the mages guild and library. They found lots of information in the library particularly about the being that attacked them which was called [[the ethertwist haunter]], however one page was ripped out which was a ritual on how to banish the ether twist from the mortal realm.  Kal however was forced to enter the tavern alone and was knocked out by magical pipe smoke from the lead goblin inside which was revealed to be apart of the [[goblin mafia]]. 

Kal awoke to find his legs moving by themselves with multiple bombs strapped across his chest, he was heading towards the library. He couldnt move but he could speak, he saw [[the party]] in the distance and shouted for help, [[the party]] ran over as well as cayden and they couldn't find a way to disarm the bomb. At that moment time slowed and a pair of eyes and a wicked smile appeared on a cloud of black smoke, it revealed itself as the god choronovours who offered to stop the bomb and save kal if they each gave them 25 years of their lives. In the middle of this conversation, chenris dissappears. Chenris was offered a deal by the goddess of knowledge [[aeloria]] which he took, he forgot a piece of his past and in exchange he gained the ability to [[dispel ancient goblin magic]]. As soon as Chenris reappeared he dispelled the magic around the bomb and Kal, cayden thanked them for their help and payed them a small amount each. 

[[The party]] do a raid on a [[Chronovorus]] cult building, finding the page that had the ritual to banish the ethertwist, Aidan was key to closing the time warp and killed many of the cultists. During this combat he managed to steal a dagger from the lead cultist called the "Edge of the Onyx Sands". 

This is the ritual:  an ancient ritual that could be used to banish the [[The Ethertwist Haunter]]. To perform this ritual, the afflicted must burn 8 of [[The Pages]] along with their most prized possession. Everyone must then close their eyes and not open them until they hear three rings of a bell. 

Once this was found, [[the party]] used [[the pages]] like a compass to track down a third page which was nearby, the closer they got the darker the sky became until they appeared seemingly in another realm with a large mansion in ruin. The mansion looked run down but still potentially lived in so Kal and Aidan snuck in the side of the house while Mord, drache and chenris sneaked in a different way. They found a ghost/zombie of an old man, rocking a babys corpse in a pram. He spots [[the party]] stealing the page on his person and  begins summoning something
