# Session Summary 


# Full Session Notes
After the infiltration of [[The Tulan Fort]], [[The Party]] took a few days to rest and heal their injuries. unfortunately, [[Emmeline]]'s injuries were much more serious than originally thought and wouldn't be able to travel for a while and needed bed rest. Hearing this, [[Wurinn 'Drache' Fuuldrusch]] informs the party that he'll stay behind and make sure she is safe and will catch up with them when she can travel again. [[Aidan Knight]], for his part, left at night, leaving a note explaining he had gone off to investigate something and would join the party later. 

[[Mordecai Reverence]] was desperate to leave [[Yakawa]] (and the [[Uvam Dynasty]]) as soon as possible and urged [[Chenris Tallfellow]] and [[Korrigan]] to pack their belongings quickly so they could leave by the next morning. The morning they set to leave, Mordecai has a quick conversation with Emmeline. They use [Cure Wounds](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/cure-wounds) to help her healing speed up and say "Drache is quite possibly one of the last genuinely good men in this world, and if anything were to happen to him then I have no idea what we could do. Please keep him safe while we're gone"

"He's alright I guess," She said sarcastically 

Mordecai laughs before saying that she needs to make sure that he does nothing stupid while they're gone and she agrees. He finishes his spell and awkwardly leaves the room as doesn't quite know how to end the conversation. Outside Chenris and Korrigan are waiting, Chenris is rereading some of his research notes with a glum expression. Korrigan is looking in a nearby mirror, furiously trying to wipe away his "Duel Breaker" mark, but is unable to have any effect. They try examining the mark and have no idea how to get rid of it. Mordecai suggests finding a temple of [[Seraphina]] to see if she can remove it as it might be a curse. In the meantime, Chenris suggest that Korrigan gets into wearing hats as Mordecai gets out his colour pallet and foundation colours and suggests they use makeup to cover it up for now. Korrigan says this ok as long as "You don't make me do red-face". Mordecai does their best and most of the writing is mostly covered but is still slightly visible. Mordecai [Messages](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/message) Chenris saying that he is not to tell Korrigan how bad it looks, Chenris agrees.

Korrigan pulls out the map and asks where they should be going. Chenris suggest going to [[Itone]] and stopping by [[Dawnhaven]] to see what happened to [[Galen Verix]]. Korrigan suggests we also go to [[Wyvern Cave]] since it's on the way to Dawnhaven. Mordecai asks [[Obeus Yelris]] if she has anywhere she wants to go, but she says she doesn't have anywhere she specifically wants to go but she should probably return to [[Ehobel]] soon, her people probably already think she's dead or kidnapped, although she mentions that she wants to see Itone before going home. Fearing the worst, Mordecai asks how they would pick a new emperor. She explains that one of the lords would be elected into power, but that it would take at least 30 years to pick a new ruler, Chenris is surprised, asking "That quickly?"

She confirms saying it's uncharacteristically quick for the elves since they need to still have a face for the nation, especially with how frequently new human rulers are selected. Korrigan tepidly asks if people like [[Ebis Daro]] or from the [[Mage's Guild]] can join in the running. She says that they would never have a chance since it is only the lords who can make a claim and the mages guild is an international entity - leave all relieved. Before they head off, Chenris suggest leaving Drache and Aidan a note to explain what their plans are. Korrigan exclaims that he wants to try a new spell he learnt as he grabs a quill and paper and begins to write with the spell [Illusionary Script](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/illusionary-script) to encrypt the note so that only the party would be able to read it, to everyone else is "I am Aidan and I am Stupid" as a prank on the man. The three all let out a big laugh before leaving their lodgings. 

Mordecai becomes increasingly filled with anxiety as they walk through Uvam. Eventually, they make it to a crossroads near the border. However, the crossroads is blocked by a group of Tieflings and Humans clad in heavy [Samurai Armor ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_armour). Mordecai doesn't remember much about these people and what they do but knows they are not to be messed with and informs the party of such. As they approached the blockade one of them dismounted their horse and began to approach them, while Mordecai pulled their hood up and over their face. The guard asks "Have you seen a Tiefling that goes by Mordecai Nowadays". Korrigan jokingly replies with "I don't think we've run into a Mordecai Nowadays, such an interesting last name". 

This pisses off the guard, who hand begins to draw his weapon, quickly Mordecai interjects apologising for their friend, explaining that he is autistic and doesn't mean to offend. The guard calms down stating it's a shame he had been inflicted with with that. The samurai then ask for their papers, but due to their teleporting into the country, they don't have any papers. After some faffing about to give time for Mordecai to come up with an excuse, they finally explain that they accidentally burnt the paper after mistaking them for campfire tinder. The guard believes them saying that it happens to everyone at least once and begins to write them some temporary papers, asking where they are headed. They say to [[The Dawn Empire]] and the guard fills in all the information. (they got a traders permit when they first entered Uvam but that is out of date, meaning that there is no record of them entering the country).

Mordecai asks for a description of this 'Mordecai' under the guise that if they ever see the person then they can report them to the guards. The guard describes Mordecai exactly but warns them to not engage since they're a very dangerous Tiefling known to murder people. if Mordecai is potted then they should be reported to the nearest city guards. They ask for more details but the guard is unwilling to give many details about their client or situation since it is a private matter, and the [[Fruit Cutters]] are just being paid to help find the Tiefling by the employer. With all their matters sorted, they are allowed through the blockade. Once out of earshot, Korrigan says "So a murder ey?"

Mordecai sharply corrects him saying that the situation is a lot more complicated than that. refusing to elaborate further beyond confirming that someone was killed but it was not his fault. At the border, there are many trade caravans so the guards don't pay much attention to each person walking through. However, as they begin to cross the border, the guard states he requires some money to get through, korrigan gives them 10 gold before anyone could get a word in edgewise. With their payment made they were allowed to cross into The Dawn. Mordecai laments that isn't as pretty as Uvam but is quite happy to be out of the nation and away from danger. 

The first town they encounter is [[Farpost]]. The last time the party visited, it was a military installation filled with Tents, guards and palisades. Now it looked all but abandoned with nearly all of the tents gone or in a state of disrepair. Chenris comments on how this must've happened since we beat them so badly in [[The War for the OFC's Freedom|the war]]. Decide to go around the perimeter to avoid any conflicts with looters but Chenris can find 15 Gold in the mud. a little way down the road Chenris spots an incredibly annoyed-looking naked man. Mordecai approaches and asks if he is ok, offering them a clock and some clothes. the man happily accepts them, even though the clothes are a bit too small and frilly and starts to explain his situation.

According to him, he was travelling to Uvam and ran into a woman travelling alone, so he invited her to join him as they were going in a similar direction. One thing led to another and they 'made camp' together that night. That night he woke up to find he could move or speak. All he could do was watch as the women stole his stuff, including the clothes off his back. He explains that he wants to kill her and get his stuff back and is willing to pay them to help him do this. Korrigan tries to make a deal that they help him find but he isn't allowed to kill her. He explains that that would be tough since he suspects she must be a powerful witch and would have no hope of beating her. They compromise by saying that they will help him get his stuff back while she is restrained and not killed and they get all the items on her that aren't his. They agree and begin to track her. They come up with a plan that korrigan will track her down from her footprints etc and when they're close Chenris will use [Locate Object](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/locate-object) to narrow it down greatly. Korrigan casts a spell that greatly aids him in finding her tracks and follows them to a forest in between [[Dustwood]] and [[Cliffhall]]. The tracks look quite fresh so chenris uses Locate Object and learns she has set up camp by a nearby stream and says they could reach her quickly and surprise her in the night to get their stuff back.

They eventually reach the stream to find a clearing and find her sitting near a campfire at the river's edge. They hang back out of sight to study her and learn that she is a normal witch, who looks quite smart. Mordecai makes a plan where they will go and talk to her and try and get the items peacefully, while the others hang back and wait in case she attacks. If she does then they will surprise her with binding and debuff spells so they steel back the equipment without too much bloodshed. Mordecai approaches the witch asking if they could sit by the fire for warmth and the witch allows them to sit with her. The witch isn't wearing anything but her bra, underwear and a nice clock. The hammer and most of the stolen stuff are still with her hidden under a tarp. Mordecai asks why she is half-naked and she simply says "It's nice to look good". 

She uses a spell that forces Mordecai to tell the truth and asks why Mordecai is here. They explained that they met her latest victim and wanted to see if they could get his stolen stuff back. Mordecai asks what she plans to do with it, and she explains that she is planning to sell all of the equipment in the next town. She also confirms that she is the woman who had sex with the man and stole his stuff, laughing as he says it. The witch says that Mordecai should do something for her, She tells him to go kill the man. Mordecai manages to resist the spell and isn't affected by the command but pretends to be under its effects and as he walks away she says that if can do it then she'll reward him, gesturing to her body. Mordecai thanks her but explains he doesn't swing that way and casts Mind Sliver. They give the signal and everyone jumps into action.

During the fight, the witch begins to run away due to a spell Mordecai has used, but as she does, she casts a spell and Korrigan causing him to fall to the ground unconscious. Chenris checks him over and finds, much to his relief, that Korrigan is just unconscious, however, he may be cursed. Mordecai manages to use [Dispel Magic](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/dispel-magic) to wake him up, however, due to a wild magic surge, a branch magically appears behind him, tripping them up. while this is happening, the man runs over to recover all his stuff and returns the dress to Mordecai, thanking them for all their help. They realise that when the witch ran away, she took the staff with them, so Chenris uses his magic to locate the staff, however, his wild magic activates, causing pastries to appear and attack the witch, confusing her greatly. Korrigan tries to use her cries of confusion to locate her and fire an arrow but wildly misses. Chenris chases after, knowing her exact location from his spell and finds her standing next to a tree with her finger pointed at him. Quickly Chenris casts [Blindness/Deafness](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2018-blindness-deafness?srsltid=AfmBOootmFg0Ojr8N-F3K0humDFCeqb5mWX8_GYY08xyvb_f7QN3Qw6Y), a spell that allows him to make the witch blind, making her unable to cast spells, as most spells need line of sight with the target to work. Korrigan is then able to use ensuring strikes to immobilise her. 

She grabs a dagger and tries starts swing it wildly around her, screaming for them to give her sight back. Mordecai uses a [Shocking Grasp](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/shocking-grasp) to make her drop her items and chenris puts a blindfold on her so that when the spell wears off, she is still unable to cast spells. Korri says kinky causing chenris to get confused as in his mind a sharp twist or curve in something that is otherwise straight has nothing to do with this situation. They claim her stuff while she begs for them to let her live. Chenris motions for them to kill her but Korrigan instead makes a fey deal that means she can never hurt anyone again, and they get a favour, in return, she gets to love. They make the deal. 

With the deal made, they take her blindfold off and she instantly points at Chenris and uses the same spell she used on Korrigan, Chenris falls to the ground asleep. An act that technically doesn't break her contract. She then casts the spell [Suggestion](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/suggestion) on Korrigan and orders him to stab her. He does and instead of hurting her, all the damage went to Chenris. Korrigan [Charms](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/charm) her and orders her to explain what just happened. She explains that she has hexed him for an hour and that all damage dealt to her body will go to Chenris instead. With her still charmed tells her to cast every spell she knows on the ground in an effort to deplete all of her magics. She does just that and suddenly Black Tendrils appear around her 4 times alongside a few effects that had no physical form before finally transforming into a beetle. Mordecai casts [Enlarged/Reduce](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2084-enlarge-reduce) on the witch so they can see it a lot easier as it scurries around. Mordecai has a wild magic surge and suddenly jail bars appear and trap the party inside, with the witch outside. They decide to cast [Chromatic Orb](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/chromatic-orb) on the witch in an attempt to trigger another surge but fail, while Chenris takes the damage, a fact that Mordecai had forgotten.

Mordecai fails to trigger a wild magic surge a few times. While Korrigan Misty Steps out of the cage and attempts to pry open the bars. He uses one of his Sprite Totums to give everyone some basic healing and to increase his physical strength enough to bend the bars in a way that lets Mordecai slip through.

- Korrigan suggest killing her but is worried that might kill chenris. they decide to just restrain her and blindfold her so they can buy some time and wait for everything to blow over. Chenris wakes up and gets caught up on everything and they learn that the staff does nothing and they find out she is a warlock with [[Chronovorus]] 
- The group decides to kill her. chenris raises her from the dead so he can tell he doesn't care that they are no better than her. 
- they get a fall rest that night after the party out that Mordecai used to have sex with people and exploit them for money and gets mad when Korrigan uses that as an excuse to kill her.
- They make good time and make it to the cave. Korrigan is too traumatised to enter the cave he turns in a stoat and runs away and Chneris asks if this is the trauma that Mordecai told him about a few weeks ago. they go inside with the traumatic flair of his clock
- they find a very old book with red binding. their are two golden masks on it [[The Unbroken Coin - A Tale of Two Brothers]]
- Mordecai finds a secret tunnel behind a bookcase. Mordecai puts Korrigan in his pocket and see what is happening.
- inside they find a few doors in the corridors. they open a door on the right. there is a dorm room with a bunch of short skeletons sitting in there. Chenris uses Speak with Dead to ask what happened. 
- They wake up and say please not again. chenris explains to the party that these are probably from the human uprising 
- they ask about the book and the skeleton doesn't know and says it came from Iron Forge. It is down the mount and an underground stronghold ([[Iron Forge| Ancient Dwarven Stronghold]])
- they ask what is this place, it's their last haven 
- what kind I find in here: The last of the dwarfs 
- they explore further and find a kitchen room. the shelves are empty 
- They go to the final room before the tunnel caves in and find a child's room.
- they suggest closing the bookshelf and leaving this as their final resting place. Mordecai picks some flowers and leaves them as a sign of respect before sealing everything up.
- they decide to leave for Dawnhaven. 
- As they approach the city they see many people in black robes that have tendrils coming out of their hands that go over to the centre of the city and there is a thick purple mist over the area. Chenris sense a lot of dark energy in the area.
- they have felt this before but don't recognise anyone. korrigan recognises the energy as similar to [[The Auditors]].