Galen Verix is a descendant of [[Redmund Verix †]] and the current Emperor of [[The Dawn Empire]], currently residing in [[Dawnhaven]], in a massive palace. Like many people in [[The Dawn Empire]], he has a particular hatred for Elves due to the ongoing tensions with [[Ehobel]]. However, if proper etiquette is followed he can show some patience. He is particularly renowned as an impressive fighter who fought during [[The Sundering]] as one of the main factions of [[The Coalition]]. This has led to an almost obsessive personality when it comes to stopping any future attempts to bring the Gods and, more importantly, [[Ignatius]] down to [[The Amber Realms]]. It was also revealed that he was incredibly in love with [[Ashira Yelris †]], an affection that was not returned. After [[The War for the OFC's Freedom]], he and many of his guards have gone missing leaving the empire defenceless. He is also a known [[Perpetual]].

### First Meeting with The Emperor
[[The party]] first met him when summoned them through employing [[Xekai]] and [[The Auditors]], who he seems to have a long connection with. Verix, learning of the parties newfound leadership over the [[Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)|OFC]] invited them over to tell them that he was going to walk into the [[Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)|OFC]] and to accept his arrival or die trying to stop him. After some questions, it was eventually revealed he wanted the are because due to its strategic importance  in the fight against [[Ehobel]] as well as it access to the seas. 

[[Chenris Tallfellow]], initially suggested that the people of the [[Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)|OFC]] could leave and find another place to call home, however, Verix hated this idea due to potential uprising that could happen in the future - which he absolutely couldn't allow. After some pondering, Chenris suggested that using The Emperor’s propaganda team to make the emperor sound merciful like here cares for the people of the [[Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)|OFC]]. Suggesting that they could say that [[Ehobel]] might have plans to invade the area due to it strategic importance in war. The emperor could then move these people to location that he has better ability to control/ gather Intel on the people. He seemed pleased with this idea and allowed [[the party]] to leave, saying his people would be in touch. 

Finally [[the party]] ended their meeting with the emperor, however [[Wurinn 'Drache' Fuuldrusch]] was unaware of royal etiquette and turned his back on the emperor leading to him being filled with rage and [[Xekai]] having to help Drache do things properly. 

He, and his commanders [[Caden SteelBreaker †]] and [[Commander Arez †]], were defeated by [[The Party]] during [[The War for the OFC's Freedom]]. it was later revealed in [[Session 17]] that he has since gone missing from public eye.

# Trivia
- [[The party]] heard a rumour that the emperor does not like wizards in the city, however it is unclear why. 
- [[The party]] heard a rumour that the [[Ivory Crest]] might be stealing from the Emperor by using a set of hidden tunnels that lead to the docks outside of the palace walls. [[Kal Korrigan]] was one of the people sent in to steal the [[Gold]] when he was still under their control.
