Xekai is a mysterious underworld magic user and a former member of an organisation known as [[The Auditors]]. He seems to have some form of plan for [[The Party]] but is unwilling to explain what it is. He was first introduced to [[the party]] in [[Blackwall]] when they snuck into the councillor's offices to learn secrets that could help them in their quests. He was already in the office when they found him, looking through documents for reasons he refused to reveal. He didn't stick around long before opening a portal and escaping. 

Xekai was later found at the [[Steve Ulan]]'s court case, representing Steve. People seemed to put incredible trust in him. Xekai is known to be a big authority within [[The Dawn Empire]]'s military, even foot soldiers know his wax seals and pay great respect to them. He helped arrange for Steve's prison break, sending [[The Black Dragon]] to help them escape. 

Much later [[Obeus Yelris]] found him when they were trapped in [[The Pyramid]], he opened a portal to help them escape the collapsing pyramid. He seemed pleased that they finally dealt with [[the pyramid]] even though they were "behind schedule". Much to [[The Party]]'s dismay he refused to elaborate on what his plan was or anything else. Notably, when [[Korrigan]] asked him about [[Ebis Daro]] and [[Akin Netch ‡]] he got incredibly angry at even the mention of Akin. [[Chenris Tallfellow]] later asked if he was unwilling to explain anything because that's what [[The Auditors]] told him to do, he then revealed that he was no longer with the group before opening a portal to help [[the party]] reach their destination faster. 


